Enable bfloat16 and on-disk rescoring for dense vectors (#138492)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/mapping-reference/dense-vector.md

$$$dense-vector-element-type$$$

`element_type`

> :   (Optional, string) The data type used to encode vectors. The supported data types are `float` (default), `bfloat16`, `byte`, and `bit`.

Reviewer: I know this is kind of annoying, but I'd make this into a list

```suggestion
:   (Optional, string) The data type used to encode vectors. The supported data types are:
    * `float` (default)
    * `bfloat16` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3`
    * `byte`
    * `bit`
```
